== Welcome to Portable-Dyno

This is a simple Rails 3.x application developed on Ruby 1.9.3.

This application is a port of the static HTML site www.portable-dyno.com to Rails.
The current live site can be found at http://www.portable-dyno.com or find the code under /public/old_site.

Why port this site?

The original site used to use a component called Tawidget.com which doesn't seem to exist anymore.  This
was a nifty way for the admin to post events, schedule the twitter spam, and display the events on the home page.
No word on what happened to Tawidget.com.  They were probably purchased by Facebook like everyone else.

So the original requirement was to add a event scheduler to the portable-dyno.com home page.
This should allow for scheduling twitter updates for the particular event and offer details
about the event including a link to a google map for the location.

Basically doing what Tawidget was doing.

BUT!

In order to get to this point, we needed a user authentication system so users can log in and add events.
And how about making an admin interface that works on my iPhone?
Oh and a better image gallery management system?
Hey lets try HTML5 while we're at it!

And it goes on from there...

While this application is under construction, and isn't hosted anywhere yet (probably Heroku), this should 
offer a brief look the author's coding skills and habits.  

Current technologies used:  Rails 3.2.x, Ruby 1.9.3, MySql, HTML5, jQuery, Devise, TestUnit
Future technologies:  Rspec/Capybara/Spork/Selenium/Factory Girl, AJAX, jQuery UI, and probably more

Please feel free to watch as this app comes together and hopefully drums up more business for www.portable-dyno.com.
(That reminds me.  We should get some metrics for before the port and after...)

= Here is a list of the high level requirements

- Port the home page, about page, contact us, faq
- Calendar of events on home page for future events only
- Gallery of images tied to events - should be google searchable
- Events should have ability to add scheduled twitter alerts
- Events should link to a google map location
- Contact us email form - no longer PHP
- Preview events before publishing feature
- Create/read/update/delete events
- Upload, organize, tag, images, create folders - validate image size, format, etc
- User administration

= Future Features
- Tag employees or Facebook users in images/galleries
- Display a list of featured customers with their logos - Red Bull Racing, Infinity, etc.
- Add roles to types of admin users (with the CanCan gem)
- Make the backend iPhone friendly

= TODO
And the huge TODO list

- setup exception_notification gem
- write test for deleting a user and not deleting yourself - controller test for both users and devise registrations controllers
- add a preview event feature before publishing
- break location out into it’s own model - location can have many events
- break customer into it’s own model - customer can have many events
- add better time picker with http://jdewit.github.com/bootstrap-timepicker/
- Make the event ajax friendly and add ui validations - smarten up the HTML 5 date/time - our admin doesn’t use IE so we're safe
- Only display end date if needed on event form
- Add UI form validation via jQuery
- add json return format to event controller - might be useful when integrating with twitter etc.
- add global nav links to admin pages
- consider moving all admin items (events, devise) under /admin
- convert the js and css to coffeescript and sass
- make the faq be dynamic
- add user unit tests - need to review devise documentation on a how-to
- trigger users to change their password upon first log in
- build out galleries and images - upload using PaperClip, CarrierWave/MiniMagick
- add controller tests
